# PlotLingo - A ROOT Plotting LanguagePlotLingo is a small dynamic programming language designed specifically for making plots from ROOT histograms. An effort has been made to keep the number of language concepts small, and rely on the runtime to supply extra features, so that the implementation is small and light weight. Here is an example:        // Make "pretty" versions of all the MC Validation plots.        // This is dumb in the sense that it will just dump everything in the file.        runs = ["191300", "191301"];        MCs = ["MC12", "MC15"];        runTitle = {            "191300" => "191300: mH=300 GeV mPiv = 100 GeV",            "191301" => "191301: mH=600 GeV mPiv = 150 GeV"        };        for (run, runs) {          for (mc, MCs) {            f = file("{run}.{mc}.plots.root");            allh = f.GetAll(".*");            r = for (h, allh) {              h.plot()                .Text("ATLAS Monte Carlo - 13 TeV")                .Text("{mc} {runTitle[run]}")                .filename(run + "." + mc + "-" + h.Name());            };          };        };   1. The variables runs and MCs are initialized as a lists.   1. The variable runTitle is initialized as a dictionary.## InstallationCurrently available only on Windows. Use Chocolaty to install it. Note that this will bring down a specific version of ROOT, though it should not be installed in your PATH or otherwise accessible - the install will take some time as a result!## Other Stuff* `mkdocs new [dir-name]` - Create a new project.* `mkdocs serve` - Start the live-reloading docs server.* `mkdocs build` - Build the documentation site.* `mkdocs help` - Print this help message.## Project layout    mkdocs.yml    # The configuration file.    docs/        index.md  # The documentation homepage.        ...       # Other markdown pages, images and other files.