# PlotLingo Language ReferenceThere are a number of basic building blocks to a source file. There has been a conscious attempt to keep the number of concepts in the core language small, but give them a great deal of flexibility (and depend on the run-time to allow for some interesting features).## CommentsAll comments start with a "//" or a "#", as is done in the C++ or C# languages. The can occur at the endof the line or at the start of another line.        // We will look at two runs, 191300 and 191301.        // Add other runs if plots should be generated for them too.        # This line also is a comment        runs = ["191300", "191301"];## StatementsThe PlotLingo language is a series of statements, separated by a semicolon.   * The semicolon is necessary in all cases. This means even after the closing brace of a code-block, for example - the parser isn't smart enough to not require it there yet.   * A statement can be split across lines without a continuation characterHere are a few examples to demonstrate these rules:        // A simple statement        runs = ["191300", "191301"];        // A dictionary definition        runTitle = {            "191300" => "191300: mH=300 GeV mPiv = 100 GeV",            "191301" => "191301: mH=600 GeV mPiv = 150 GeV"        };        // A for loop        r = for (h, allh) {            h.plot()              .Text("ATLAS Monte Carlo - 13 TeV")              .Text("{mc} {runTitle[run]}")              .filename(run + "." + mc + "-" + h.Name());        };There are really only two types of statements in PlotLingo: expression statements and assignment statements. The two are very closely related. The first is simply an expression that appears on a single line. For example:        // Simple expression statements        1;        "hi";        1+10;And assignment statements are just the creating of a variable - a variable name, and equal sign, and an expression statement. For example:        // Simple assignment statements        index = 1;        theSum = 1+10;Everything in the language falls under these rules. Even looping constructs and the like.## Constants